Single Final Lite is designed to make the process of scrutinizing the final 
round of various dance competitions quicker and easier.

NOTE: We recommend setting up the save file location first. To do this
      please select File, then choose the option Set Save File. After the 
      save file has been set, the print save button will continue to use the
      specified location until a different save file has been set.

COMPONENTS:

File Tab: Click on this icon to access the "Set Save File" option,
          where the target file for the calculated results is 
          designated. Before saving, it is necessary to set the 
          save file location and name.

Heat Tabs: The Age, Dance Style, Level, Number of Judges, 
           Number of Couples, and A-B tabs are drop-down 
           menus allowing you to set their respective values
           for the current heat. The only two that are required
           to continue are the Number of Judges and the Number
           of Couples.

Generate Table: Once the heat information has been entered 
                into the Heat Tabs, clicking on this button will
                create a table on the upper-right section of the
                window where the judges' placements scores can 
                be entered. Pressing 'enter' will iterate through 
                the table for ease of use. Pressing enter in the last 
                field of the table will take the user directly to 
                the calculate button.

Calculate: Click on this button to calculate the placements for 
           each couple based on the scored entered into the 
           generated table. If any values in the table are 
           incorrect (such as duplicate couple numbers or couple 
           numbers longer than 3 digits), these squares in the 
           table will be highlighted in red.

Display Field: This is the white area on the bottom half on the 
               window. Once all of the scores have been entered 
               and the calculate button has been clicked, the
	       calculation table, the couple placements, and all
               of the heat information will be visible here.

Clear: Click on this button to clear all heat settings. Because 
       most competitions have the same number of couples and
       judges throughout the day, those numbers will remain 
       the same unless changed by the user.

Save and Print: Save the calculated results and table to a file. The "Set
                Save File" option on the top right must first be set before
                saving can be performed. The scores will be saved first and 
                then the print options will display. You may cancel the print 
                portion of the process without harming the saved results. 
      NOTE: (Print functionality is not fully functional at this time. 
             The display will update in the case of a print failure.)